what's up guys statics basics and today
I have a very very short tutorial for
you guys on how to fix the recent
invalid server key problem when you're
trying to join a server so let me show
you what happens when you put a multi
player and you have a server here I'm
gonna join it and it says connection
loss the server responded with an
invalid server key and I know that a lot
of people are actually having trouble
with this and I'll show you how to fix
this it's really simple and really quick
so let's just quit the game here for a
second and you want to go to the link
that I'll have in the description down
below it'll bring you here to the
minecraft forums and here since manual
installation you wanna download this
file so just click on it and you'll
start downloading I've already gone
ahead and done that so it's right here
and you want to go to start type in %
app data % % you know the usual stuff
and go to the dot minecraft folder bin
folder open up your minecraft.jar file
using WinRAR or 7-zip whatever you have
Exodus and if you open this up you will
notice that you have a folder called
main int if you have mods on you will
not have this folder so I it should be
deleted already but if you open it you
will see three files here once it's
manifest once it's Mojang mode wrong I
don't know and you want to delete the 2
that says mojo and leave the one that's
the file that since manifest delete
those two now you only have the manifest
file in here and go back to the rest of
the folders or files and then you want
to download get the file you just
downloaded right here it's called a BPI
class and wants to go to your jar and
drag it down here to all the other class
files click OK and you can exit this now
now you can go back to minecraft and you
should be able to join your server as
you can see my server is running over
here so login
multi-player join server and there you
go says logging in and it shouldn't work
so you guys can have fun playing in your
servers with a new minecraft 1.0 0.0
it's finally out the full game so yeah
hope you guys enjoy this video and if
you found helpful please do thumbs up
down below and subscribe for more
tutorials that are easy to follow and
cool stuff like that so see you guys
later peace